quexs-docker/README.md, before:

# What is queXS? [20200805 horj: alle bestanden copy/paste van https://github.com/adamzammit/quexs-docker]

[queXS](https://quexs.acspri.org.au/) is a free and open source Computer Assisted Telephone Interviewing (CATI) system based on PHP and MySQL, including LimeSurvey. 

# How to use this image

```console
$ docker run --name some-quexs --link some-mysql:mysql -d acspri/quexs
```

The following environment variables are also honored for configuring your queXS instance:

-	`-e QUEXS_DB_HOST=...` (defaults to the IP and port of the linked `mysql` container)
-	`-e QUEXS_DB_USER=...` (defaults to "root")
-	`-e QUEXS_DB_PASSWORD=...` (defaults to the value of the `MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD` environment variable from the linked `mysql` container)
-	`-e QUEXS_DB_NAME=...` (defaults to "quexs")
-	`-e QUEXS_PATH=...` (defaults to "\/" - set this to "\/quexs" for example if running in a subdirectory)
-	`-e QUEXS_PORT=...` (defaults to "" - set this to ":8080" for example if running on port 8080)
-	`-e QUEXS_ADMIN_PASSWORD=...` (defaults to "" - set this to update the admin password)

If the `QUEXS_DB_NAME` specified does not already exist on the given MySQL server, it will be created automatically upon startup of the `quexs` container, provided that the `QUEXS_DB_USER` specified has the necessary permissions to create it.

If you'd like to be able to access the instance from the host without the container's IP, standard port mappings can be used:

```console
$ docker run --name some-quexs --link some-mysql:mysql -p 8080:80 -d acspri/quexs
```

Then, access it via `http://localhost:8080` or `http://host-ip:8080` in a browser.

If you'd like to use an external database instead of a linked `mysql` container, specify the hostname and port with `QUEXS_DB_HOST` along with the password in `QUEXS_DB_PASSWORD` and the username in `QUEXS_DB_USER` (if it is something other than `root`):

```console
$ docker run --name some-quexs -e QUEXS_DB_HOST=10.1.2.3:3306 \
    -e QUEXS_DB_USER=... -e QUEXS_DB_PASSWORD=... -d acspri/quexs
```

## ... via [`docker-compose`](https://github.com/docker/compose)

Example `docker-compose.yml` for `quexs`:

```yaml
version: '2'

services:

  quexs:
    image: quexs
    ports:
      - 8080:80
    environment:
      QUEXS_DB_PASSWORD: example
      QUEXS_PORT: :8080

  mysql:
    image: mariadb
    environment:
      MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD: example
```

Run `docker-compose up`, wait for it to initialize completely, and visit `http://localhost:8080` or `http://host-ip:8080`.

# Supported Docker versions

This image is officially supported on Docker version 1.12.3.

Support for older versions (down to 1.6) is provided on a best-effort basis.

Please see [the Docker installation documentation](https://docs.docker.com/installation/) for details on how to upgrade your Docker daemon.

Notes
-----

A default username and password is created:

    admin
    password

This Dockerfile is based on the [Wordpress official docker image](https://github.com/docker-library/wordpress/tree/8ab70dd61a996d58c0addf4867a768efe649bf65/php5.6/apache)

Commit message:

added functionality to connect to db with ssl and created Zip for docker image

quexs-docker/README.md, after:

20200805 horj: original code https://github.com/adamzammit/quexs-docker
This repo is to keep track of the changes I've made to the original code (see commits) and for our custom Docker image.

# What is queXS? 

[queXS](https://quexs.acspri.org.au/) is a free and open source Computer Assisted Telephone Interviewing (CATI) system based on PHP and MySQL, including LimeSurvey. 

# How to use this image

```console
$ docker run --name some-quexs --link some-mysql:mysql -d acspri/quexs
```

The following environment variables are also honored for configuring your queXS instance:

-	`-e QUEXS_DB_HOST=...` (defaults to the IP and port of the linked `mysql` container)
-	`-e QUEXS_DB_USER=...` (defaults to "root")
-	`-e QUEXS_DB_PASSWORD=...` (defaults to the value of the `MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD` environment variable from the linked `mysql` container)
-	`-e QUEXS_DB_NAME=...` (defaults to "quexs")
-	`-e QUEXS_PATH=...` (defaults to "\/" - set this to "\/quexs" for example if running in a subdirectory)
-	`-e QUEXS_PORT=...` (defaults to "" - set this to ":8080" for example if running on port 8080)
-	`-e QUEXS_ADMIN_PASSWORD=...` (defaults to "" - set this to update the admin password)

If the `QUEXS_DB_NAME` specified does not already exist on the given MySQL server, it will be created automatically upon startup of the `quexs` container, provided that the `QUEXS_DB_USER` specified has the necessary permissions to create it.

If you'd like to be able to access the instance from the host without the container's IP, standard port mappings can be used:

```console
$ docker run --name some-quexs --link some-mysql:mysql -p 8080:80 -d acspri/quexs
```

Then, access it via `http://localhost:8080` or `http://host-ip:8080` in a browser.

If you'd like to use an external database instead of a linked `mysql` container, specify the hostname and port with `QUEXS_DB_HOST` along with the password in `QUEXS_DB_PASSWORD` and the username in `QUEXS_DB_USER` (if it is something other than `root`):

```console
$ docker run --name some-quexs -e QUEXS_DB_HOST=10.1.2.3:3306 \
    -e QUEXS_DB_USER=... -e QUEXS_DB_PASSWORD=... -d acspri/quexs
```

## ... via [`docker-compose`](https://github.com/docker/compose)

Example `docker-compose.yml` for `quexs`:

```yaml
version: '2'

services:

  quexs:
    image: quexs
    ports:
      - 8080:80
    environment:
      QUEXS_DB_PASSWORD: example
      QUEXS_PORT: :8080

  mysql:
    image: mariadb
    environment:
      MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD: example
```

Run `docker-compose up`, wait for it to initialize completely, and visit `http://localhost:8080` or `http://host-ip:8080`.

# Supported Docker versions

This image is officially supported on Docker version 1.12.3.

Support for older versions (down to 1.6) is provided on a best-effort basis.

Please see [the Docker installation documentation](https://docs.docker.com/installation/) for details on how to upgrade your Docker daemon.

Notes
-----

A default username and password is created:

    admin
    password

This Dockerfile is based on the [Wordpress official docker image](https://github.com/docker-library/wordpress/tree/8ab70dd61a996d58c0addf4867a768efe649bf65/php5.6/apache)
